README.md, before:

# Swift UI

An experiment in building a modal UI in Swift code, because storyboards suck.

Note that this repository has nothing to do with the new
Swift UI framework Apple released recently.
It's just something I named it.

## Research

https://medium.com/better-programming/creating-ui-programmatically-in-swift-c919463c3cd0

- `loadView` instead of `viewDidLoad` override of the view controller
- `self.view.addSubview` to add the control to the view
- `NSLayoutConstraint.activate` to attach constraints to the control
  - `${control}.*anchor.constraint()` methods in an array
  - `(equalTo: self.view.*Anchor/*Guide.*Anchor, constraint: #)`

https://fluffy.es/intro-to-creating-ui-in-code-1

https://fluffy.es/intro-to-creating-ui-in-code-2

## Debugging

Use the Debug View Hierarchy debugger button to inspect the view
hierarchy at runtime.
Check for purple box exclamation point icon next to an element in
the hierarchy view to spot lacking constraints and other layout
issues.

## To-Do

### Create a GitHub Action workflow for capturing a screencast

https://medium.com/xcblog/simctl-control-ios-simulators-from-command-line-78b9006a20dc

Commit message:

Document how to add image views with images from resources

README.md, after:

# Swift UI

An experiment in building a modal UI in Swift code, because storyboards suck.

Note that this repository has nothing to do with the new Swift UI framework Apple
released recently. It's just something I named it.

## Research

https://medium.com/better-programming/creating-ui-programmatically-in-swift-c919463c3cd0

- `loadView` instead of `viewDidLoad` override of the view controller
- `self.view.addSubview` to add the control to the view
- `NSLayoutConstraint.activate` to attach constraints to the control
  - `${control}.*anchor.constraint()` methods in an array
  - `(equalTo: self.view.*Anchor/*Guide.*Anchor, constraint: #)`

https://fluffy.es/intro-to-creating-ui-in-code-1

https://fluffy.es/intro-to-creating-ui-in-code-2

### Images

Find `Assets.xcassets` and add a new image set. Drag your image to 1x, 2x, 3x cells.
Rename the image set to your liking. Create `UIImageView` and set its `image` prop to
`UIImage(named: "foobar")`.

## Debugging

Use the Debug View Hierarchy debugger button to inspect the view
hierarchy at runtime.
Check for purple box exclamation point icon next to an element in
the hierarchy view to spot lacking constraints and other layout
issues.

## To-Do

### Create a GitHub Action workflow for capturing a screencast

https://medium.com/xcblog/simctl-control-ios-simulators-from-command-line-78b9006a20dc
